The analysis of e-learning platform：NetEase OpenCourse

1.Where to learn
2.What to learn
3.Effect of learning
4.How to learn
5.The experience：
Our group have chosen a platform that named “网易云课堂”,which is specially used to teach the people to learn something they like.
Today I will tell you the process of using this platform. Firstly, you need to register an account, link it with a phone and log in.
A new web will appear with some buttons, such as language learning, creative design, AI, product and operation and so on. What makes me 
love it is that there are so many branches under the buttons so that u can absolutely choose a field you really interested. 
Secondly, please choose what do you want to learn. After doing that, the web will display the videos on your choice which will tell you
how to gain or improve the ability you truly want to possess depend. And then you can click the video and there will be a summarize about
this video. You can know something about this lecture and finally decide whether to learn it. Of course, you can talk with someone who
is also interested in this lesson on the forum if you have some problems because it bases on the net that is very convenient to communicate.
Finally, I argue that the most important thing is that you can learn the lessons for many times if you can not catch the point.

6.interactive objects:
  Netease Open Courses is an e-learning platform which provides a numerous ammount of online content , offering l-
earners with rich TED presentation and open cource resources . Thus , the interactive objects on the platform is rich , 
too .  In the process of learning through online courses , we usually communicate synchronously and asynchronously with 
others through the screen . And our interactive objects contain the vedio’s presenters , the “classmates” in the comment 
area , as well as ourselves . 
  On the one hand , we learn knowledge and skills in different regions that we’re interested in from instructors that 
offering TED lectures and open cources coming from various universities and organizations , and expend our thoughts and 
ideas through communicating with “classmates” in the comment area . On the other hand , we engage in constructivist lear-
ning with ourselves during the process of mining , supplementing and building connections between knowledge fragments in 
our own brains . 
